[FLINK-15578][connectors/jdbc] implement exactly once JDBC sink (#10847)
apache/flink: docs/dev/connectors/jdbc.md

{% endhighlight %}

Please refer to the [API documentation]({{ site.javadocs_baseurl }}/api/java/org/apache/flink/connector/jdbc/JdbcSink.html) for more details.

## Exactly-once

> Since 1.13, Flink JDBC sink supports exactly-once mode. The implementation relies on the JDBC driver support of XA [standard](https://pubs.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/009680699/toc.pdf).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flink also comes with a JDBC sink that supports exactly-once mode. The implementation relies on the JDBC driver support of XA [standard](https://pubs.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/009680699/toc.pdf).
```
